Welcome to Hong Kong Trust's channel Remember to subscribe to
our channel so you can be the first to know the latest
social welfare letters, thank you for your support Today we will
introduce you to the elderly listening test guide with population listening degeneration has
become a public health issue that cannot be ignored in Hong Kong society
Brain-year hearing impairment
is usually a kind of grateful nervous hearing loss, in Hong Kong
about one-third of the elderly over 65 years old suffer from the degree of hearing
push
and when most enter the 80s, this proportion
will rise sharply
Listening is an
important bridge between humans and the outside world.  Hear selection impaired voluntariness
affects more than inability to hear and in terms of should decline, hearing
loss decreases the brain receives stimuli from the hearing country leads to
accelerated atrophy in the brain area that processes sounds Research output impairment drives
away from
clarity For example, the risk of Alzheimer's disease increases.  And
mental health will measure up to red lights as people with communication difficulties are
prone to feelings, loneliness, and insecurity.  This leads to
social leads to discover daily safety fantasy aspects, because the inability to
clearly hear the sounds of the environment, such as the car ringing well or the
sound of water boiling and so on.  will significantly increase the risk in or outside daily life
.  The early view number and up see the situation, listen to push often
start from a high voice the elderly and family should be aware of the
following changes in daily behavior.  High-poverty hearing selected situation will be
difficult to hear the high-pitched sounds such as phone ringtones
and sound changes
organs, some patients will appear at the same time, within will have a persistent
sound or
and so on.  I also have the chance of throwing dizziness.
So in order for facilitators to properly manage hearing problems, there are several
non-conspiracy agencies and social welfare groups in Hong Kong that provide comprehensive, salty, preliminary
Western, detailed diagnosis and rehabilitation support.  The following
is the core service organization information First of all,
they will provide diversion of initial free West
Details Suitable for initial suspected hearing problems seniors of the service
is the general public and seniors aged 55 or older
They have provided tests such as rapid hearing
tea  For
those over 55 who receive assistance or senior citizen living allowance
, the fee is $60.  In terms of subsequent support will be
based on the degree of loss and general category of advice and
roots to learn more can leave their official website
followed by introducing you to the Farmers' Benefit Association is also the same meeting,
they emphasize multi-professional teamwork, combined with
therapists and social workers to provide comprehensive listening and social well-being.
And as for some self
that is self-employed this anyone can go to apply.  The
items they offer testing include.  Professional listening to the country inspection of the damage and
tuning charges in terms of they have provided social reply help of routine
ole for, in addition have self-service provided.  In terms of subsequent support
, they are able to provide words and rehabilitation, and social wellness
aids
to learn more can leave their official website.  Then is to
introduce you to the Hong Kong Farmers Association is also that Dragon
focuses on the elderly and agreed people, providing heavy detection seat
or hearing device maintenance and repair, etc. of one-stop follow-
up services of service objects, thus hidden hearing decline elderly people these ten years old people say more than half so they have provided test items including the standard pure force test like hearing obstruction test, etc.
Booster batteries have 6 member price 27 dollars non-30 dollars
of subsequent support including booster fine-tuning it maintenance it to throw do it
so, and this one to service is limited to the headphones that will be sold
.  If you have any queries about this program you can
contact the nurse from 11.  Also can leave their official
website is to understand the detailed information so just mentioned different
some professional hearing tests so for example is the rule check is to
check outside the degree of
obstruction for example is to save the gathered health status and the letter hearing
test is carried out in the soundproof room through the wave placed different
rates are also negative tone and intensity is also that the negative amount of sound
out of the patient is heard in the various negative surfaces
Stress and eardrum motility have excluded
hearing problems such as liking or osseophysiopathy
Also mention everyone about the application guidelines of elderly care
Since the scope of application of government health care to strengthen primary care
La audiometry and a comprehensive ear to health check.  In addition,
medical health supplies after professional assessment and confirmation by audiologists
need seniors can use medical amount your to pay
and fine-tuning the cost of some organizations such as the Hong Kong Farmers
Association accept the use of medical
deductions buy machine general new qualifications as long as even 65 years old valid
Hong Kong ID people
Auditory tests and Lin assessments for audiology.  Following the third photo, the
audiologist will discuss the hearing condition based on the results of the test, and
recommend the combination of boosters and Han protocols.  The fourth part all aspects يات
when the need to Hong Kong ID card agency will be
through this system
your electronic medical care in
this will deduct the information of the photo or the cost of selling the device
In addition to the medical loss after the assessment of the degree of loss
in line with the government's definition of disabled people
Communication, will be able to improve the quality of life of the elderly Finally,
mention some common recommendations first services including caregiver
support line 12183 water mental health support line 11 final
intention line 4225  You are
also
welcome to comment and like and share our channel, if you or the
seniors around you need it, sorry, please drop
us off.  Let us improve the living environment of the elderly together. If
you have any comments, or suggestions, please leave a
comment below or contact us directly.  Thank you for watching and supporting
See you next time